you
PEGI 18 there's a lot of people in our
studio Aloha your comment people
remember seeing this crazy arcade game
there's a nostalgia factor that people
connect with created this thing that we
came for dinner there this whole game is
part of my life has been for my years
it's incredible to actually you know
work on its cool seen the evolution of
the team in the evolution of the tech
this is the world combat that we've
always wanted to do
welcome an exit a lot of different
infinitive mode the ton of content for
the player to be able to play we have
story 1 V 1 ranked we have king of the
hill survivor mode test your luck the
dynamic towers are amazing they're going
switching some of them on the hour we
want players to feel like they are in
this universe they are seeing the story
evolved with mortal kombat x is span of
the story it's actually 25 years now we
have a whole new generation for
characters so that's been really
exciting to see how the fan story mode
and moral Kombat X is just amazing is a
blockbuster movie within a game itself I
think if we weren't trying to innovate
something that we wouldn't be motivated
adding something to the game that's
never been done before we're going to
have a much more aggressive and
elaborate online experience we really
wanted to build on the hope community
feeling we were finally able to globally
connect everyone that plays more combat
first thing you do when you play Mortal
Kombat is pick a faction we have five
different factions we have black dragon
the Brotherhood of shadow the Lin Kuei
special forces and the White Lotus with
affection what we want to really tie
that together and give context to it and
get it bigger stakes so everything you
do in forms this war the faction war is
a persistent metagame that kind of
builds off of the core game every week
we start a new war everyone's adding in
every day all the way through the week
and at the end of the week a winner will
be determined based on top reporter
Caitlin you're also able to rank up
inside your faction and unlock a
customer rewards that are that are
specific to the techno children
everything you do with the game is
contributing to infection of its so play
story mode your head into action points
would play these towers your head
infection points defeating people from
other factions gives you an even more so
it really kind of encourages the whole
competitive aspect oh you know we are a
team here and we are out to defeat other
factions and then for a special 24-hour
period that happens randomly each week
the whole fashion system can be invaded
by one of the more coffee around such as
the nether room or a helpful or chaos
really I think
to work collaboratively with other
players as a team to defeat the common
enemy one of the great things about
factions and let people at very
different skill levels or people who
like different modes all contribute to
the war or something that every single
day that they haven't seen before this
is the first time we've ever done any
sort of assessment kind of connects
everyone together we keep the heart of
the game the same the combat the field
we get to play a lot in life every
Mortal Kombat game
play something famous right my anxiety
would be if we were bad and something we
really took the next very
with the next gen technology we could
pretty much do anything you imagined
it's the next generation of all
Mortal Kombat universe